# muse.ai : music made easy

## Description
Learning how to play an instrument can be difficult, especially on your own. Having the guidance of another person usually means a higher chance of success of achieving your goals. But these services could be incredibly costly. 

Welcome to muse.ai

An AI powered learning app that aims to help users learn and perfect the instrument of their dreams.

Are you ready to become your own muse?
## Table of Contents
- [Features](#features)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [About](#about)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Features
muse.ai will be able to generate chords from any song that you give it and directly teach them to you with the help of Muse. 

Muse is muse.ai's teacher who is generated by Synthesia, the AI video creation engine.

Having Muse as your teacher will be like if you were in your own one-on-one music lesson. With the help of todays image recognition technologies, Muse will be able to utilize your phone/desktop camera to track your finger placements to give you instant user focused feed-back and guide you through your music learning journey.

## Usage
muse.ai is open to everyone of all ages and experience levels. Whether you're touring the world or you just recieved your first guitar, muse.ai is there to help with anything that you need.

## About
How did muse.ai come to be?

The idea came to mind while staring at my collection of guitars. Why is learning how to play an instrument so hard, I asked myself. I then reached out to a good friend who is quite the muse themselves, and asked them what they thought could be improved with the current assortment of music learning applications offered today. The biggest issue that they told me, was the fact that these current apps do not give the user personal feed-back at all. With this in mind, I got to thinking.

With how technologies are evolving at an incredibly fast pace, why not utilize these tools to help others as well. 

## Credits
- James Inanoria ([jxmesin](https://github.com/jxmesin))
- Looking for developers

## Questions
Reach out with questions:

- GitHub: [github.com/jxmesin](https://github.com/jxmesin)
- Email: [arvinjamesinanoria@gmail.com](#)
